Fixed image urls for Geopmap and Annotation list, added prettify JSON… (#37382)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-in-v8-1.md

We changed the default behavior from creating a 1-hour span Loki query to the only query at the exact time the trace span started for the duration of it. For more fine grained control over this, you can shift this time in the tracing data source settings. Also, it is now possible to shift the start time and end time of the Loki query by the set amount. For more information, refer to [Trace to logs]({{< relref "../datasources/tempo.md#trace-to-logs" >}}).

### Prettify JSON for Logs in Explore

> New in 8.1 is the ability to format JSON to make it easier to view, review and find relevant data in JSON format logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the ability to format JSON to make it easier to view, review and find relevant data in JSON format logs.
```
